add docs for sigstore/cosign pr3052 (#192)
sigstore/docs: content/en/cosign/timestamps.md

cosign verify --timestamp-certificate-chain ts_chain.pem <artifact>
```

### mTLS connection to the TSA server

> `cosign sign` accept several additional optional parameters to pass the CA certificate of

Reviewer: Add full return after heading, subject / verb agreement 

```suggestion

`cosign sign` accepts several additional optional parameters to pass the CA certificate of
```

Author: done in d6dbe6d

> the TSA server in case it uses a custom CA or to establish mutual TLS connection to the TSA server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the TSA server in cases where it uses a custom CA, or to establish a mutual TLS connection to the TSA server:
```

Author: thanks, changed in d6dbe6d
